LEVEL 4 CRYPTO WALLETS
-----------------------------
In this module you will learn about what are Crypto Wallets and how to download one.

# What is an Address?
--> An address is a string of text generated using cryptography to represent your account on the blockchain.
--> You can send and receive funds and can also interact with other applications using your address.
--> And example Ethereuym address is: `0x01573Df433484fCBe6325a0c6E051Dc62Ab107D1`

# What are Private Keys?
--> A private key is like a password that contains a bunch of letters and numbers that allow you to manage the crypto held by your address.
--> An eaxmple of a private key is: `E9873D79C6D87DC0FB6A5778633389F4453213303DA61F20BD67FC233AA33262`
--> Address is the username of your acount if you consider private key as the password. Thats why its okay if someone's knows your address but keep your private key safe.
--> Caution: Even though a private key acts like your password, only you have access to your private key. If you lose your private key or share it with someone malicious your crypto cant be recovered. There is no way to do forgot password, change password or catch the thief in crypto.

# What is a seed phrase?
* A seed phrase is a series of words generated by your cryptocurrency wallet that give you access to the crypto associated with that wallet
* Think of a wallet as being similar to a password manager for crypto, and the seed phrase as being like the master password.
* An example of seed phrase is: `dove lumber quote board young robust kit invite plastic regular skull history`

# What is a Crypto wallet?
* Crypto wallets manage the private keys for your addresses
* They also allow you to send, receive crypto and interact with many blockchain apps.
* You can consider your crypto wallet as a password manager then seed phrase is the master password for your password manager and your multiple addresses and private keys are your username and passwords.

# What is MetaMask?
An hot Ethereum crypto wallet which you can install as a browser extension or a mobile app. It helps you interact with Ethereum Apps.
An hot Ethereum crypto wallet which you can install as a browser extension or a mobile app. It helps you interact with Ethereum Apps.

What is MetaMask - Begineer's Guide
Download MetaMask (Highly Recommended!)
How to use MetaMask
Other Alternatives

Coinbase
Trust Wallet
Atomic Wallet
P.S. - To connect other wallets in LearnWeb3DAO you have to use Wallet Connect.Here is the list of all wallets supported by WalletConnect.
