# EIP-721: Non-Fungible Token Standard 
---
## Simple Summary
A standard interface for non-fungible tokens, also knows as deeds(perbuatan)

## abstract
The following standard allows for the implementation of a standard API for NFTs within smart contracts. This standard provides basic functionality to track and transfer NFTs.
We considered use cases of NFTs being owned and transacted by individuals as well as consigment to third party brokers/wallets/auctioneers("operators"). NFTs can represent ownership over digital or physical asets. We considered a diverse of assets, and we know you will dream up many more:
- Physical Property: house, unique artwork
- Virtual Collectibles: unique pictures of kittens, collectable cards
- "Negative value" assets: Loans, burdens and other responsibilities.
In general, all houses are distinct and no two kittens are alike. NFTs are distinguishable (bisa dibedakan) and you must track the ownership of each one separately.
---

## Motivation
A standard interface allows wallet/broker/auction applications to work with any NFT on Ethereum. We provide for simple ERC-721 smart contracts as well as contracts that track and arbitraly large number of NFTs. Additional application are discussed below.
This standard is inspired by the ERC-20 token standard and builds on two years of experience since EIP-20 was created. EIP-20 is insufficient for tracking NFTs because each asset is distinct (non-fungible) whereas each of a quantity of tokens is identifal (fungible).
Differences between this standard and EIP-20 are examined below.

## Specifications
The key Words: "MUST", "MUST NOT",  "REQUIRED", "SHALL",  "SHALL NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY" na "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119.
Every ERC-721 compliant contract must implement the `ERC721` and `ETC165` interfaces (subjects "caveats" below):
```sol

```

### Caveats
## Rationale
## Backwards Compatibility
## Test Cases
## Impmementations
## References
